What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a repository is initialized, the external container for git is prepared
for use.  However, the git system does not automatically commit any items.
This activity needs to be done to communicate to the computer that this
directory is to be version controlled.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the working directory in that this area is
for items that are logically completed for the time being, and ready to be
committed.  The repository contains all the files that have been committed, the 
files that are in the staging area, and the files in the working directory.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

The staging area can be used by only adding the files part of the logical change
to be committed.  If additional logical changes are included, those can be added
to the staging area at a later time, with its own commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches would be helpful when there are many different concepts you'd like to
try out but don't necessarily want them in the production code.  Branches
would allow you to make a "copy" of the master branch and experiment with
concepts in the various branches.  If any of them worked out, that branch
could be pushed forward, if not, you could return to the master branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams help with the visualization of the branch structure since it can
be difficult at times to understand with just text.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is that these two branches now have
a shared child node.  We represent it in the diagram in the way that we do
because this is the way in which best represents a node with two parents.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

pro of automatic merging is that for straightforward merge cases, Git will just
take care of the merge for us without us needing to expend any additional effort
to resolve a merge.  Always having to do it manually would mean lots of extra
effort.  However, a manual merge may be necessary when it isn't always clear
how two branches should be merged.